Dev qradar crn (#38491)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/ReleaseNotes/2_5_11.md

#### Integrations

##### IBM QRadar v3

> - Removed the double encoding issue when using the argument *filter* with commands such as **qradar-domains-list** and **qradar-get-domains**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue when using the argument *filter* with commands such as **qradar-domains-list** and **qradar-get-domains**. 
```
